(bright music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time for another challenge exercise.
This time, building a repository.
So in order to build a repository,
there's a few things that I need you to do.
So first of all,
build a repository for the employees or the staff.
I want you to wire it into the application.
So everywhere we were using the default mock data
I want you to now start using the database.
And I want you to take note of one thing specifically,
and that's the enumeration.
There's an annotation for it called @Enumerated
and you can use a string option
so that the enumeration actually gets stored
in the database.
Likewise, when it reads the enumeration from the database,
it will convert it into the Enum in Java.
And with that, you're on your own.
And I'll see you back with my solution.